include npm command in addition to yarn command (#7371)
facebook/jest: docs/GettingStarted.md

npm install --save-dev jest
```

> Jest documentation uses `yarn` commands, but either package manager will work. You can compare `yarn` and `npm` commands in the [yarn docs, here](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/migrating-from-npm#toc-cli-commands-comparison).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Jest documentation uses `yarn` commands, but `npm` will also work. You can compare `yarn` and `npm` commands in the [yarn docs, here](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/migrating-from-npm#toc-cli-commands-comparison).
```

## Running from command line

> You can run Jest directly from the CLI (if it's globally available in your `PATH`, e.g. by `yarn global add jest` or `npm install jest-cli --global`) with a variety of useful options.

Reviewer 2: Don't install `jest-cli`, just `jest`
